Welcome, in this video, we're going to navigate around in our GitHub repository.
I'm currently logged in, and in the "website" repository on GitHub.
If I scroll down, on the main page of the repository
we have our files and folders that are listed as part of this repository.
If I want to access a particular file, I can click on it
and I could see the source code associated with that particular file.
Also, I can click on the name of the folder to drill down into that folder.
GitHub will have special folders named "..",
which means exactly the same thing as it does on your operating system,
that is, it goes back up to the parent folder.
Another way to navigate amongst the files is to use the quick jump ability;
if we click on this list like icon,
that takes us to a list view of our files and folders we have access to.
And, depending on how you work, this may or may not be a faster way to get to particular files.